Update PureFB - 1.0.2 (#1623)
DataDog/integrations-extras: purefb/README.md

#### Host

> To configure this check for an Agent running on a host, run `datadog-agent integration install -t datadog-purefb==<INTEGRATION_VERSION>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To configure this check for an Agent running on a host, run `datadog-agent integration install -t datadog-purefb==1.0.2`.
```

> Note:  `<INTEGRATION_VERSION>` can be found within the [CHANGELOG.md][13] for Datadog Integration Extras. 
>   * e.g. `datadog-agent integration install -t datadog-purefb==1.0.2`

Reviewer: Removing this as we want to keep the install command updated with the version to avoid customers having to switch between tabs to find the install command
```suggestion
```
